i have this web app and i want you to enhance it.
I want to be able to click on the images so that a gallery will open ideally osm sort of one that can be used on phone by swapping left and right. i want the videos to only have one downlaod butotn, videos can not be resized. also videos will be downloaded only if the download all source is clicked. download laerge or medium will only download videos.
also i want a button that will be only download all videos.
also there is currently only list of categories, but i want it to be expandible tree, the tree will be generated by - signs in name of categories, so basically a category named holidays-2022-rome will be 3 layers tree, first holidays, second 2022 and third rome. The directories will be the same depth thoguh, in other words only the fonrt end will be different showing, directory structure will not be changed

also the delete butotn should show a popup native html 5 , currnetly it routes to new page, that iw incorrect it should stay on the same page and the image should disappear.
also i want to have smaller margins around the images so more will fit, it sohuld be on computer to maximum size, currently only 4 or 5 will show.
also i want the videos to be playable, mobile and pc will show me a play butotn but when i pres it it will not play.
Also the uplaod progressbat is not wokring it is just sitting on0 perent, maybe fix it or just replace it withe loading icon if not possible to have propper progress, id love to have propper progress bar thouhg.

sourceode:
style.css:  

base.html:

category.html: 

index.html: 

upload.html:   


requirements.txt:
Flask==2.3.2
Pillow==9.5.0
pyheif==0.6.0
Werkzeug==2.3.4

app.py:      